Welcome back agent excellent work on your previous mission.
Let's quickly go through a debriefing so that other agents can understand how you were able to successfully
complete your mission.
Taking a look at the gold bugs dot com home page it seems that we're just looking at a couple of images
and then a link here two things about some poem that the name of this band is based off of that if you
kept scrolling down you realized there was a link to their blog post.
Clicking on that blog post we see this blog post with actually some specific instructions.
It says grab every first character after each and then we have a series of five dashes so you realize
this was a hint to grab the first character after each of these five dashes in the blog post.
Let's take a look at how we can do that.
The first thing I want to do is actually create the request using the request library and then create
the beautiful soup for it.
We'll come back to a notebook.
Import beautiful soup and also import requests and then send send in a request for that actual blog
post.
So we will grab this URL link paste it in.
Get that request and then create a soup from that request be for beautiful soup passed in the text and
then use S M L in order to read through that.
And then we have to figure out how to actually just grab the blog content itself instead of grabbing
the day or the titles.
Now there's many different ways to do this.
But one surefire way is to inspect and then try out different ideas work classes that happen to be associated
with that actual blog text and you can even realize that there's a simple tag P R E that's associated
with this blog post.
So if we just try to grab this PR tag by itself we can say super select Pirri and that returns back
the actual material of the blog as a tag.
So that's one way we could have done this the other way would be exploring the different classes that
are available to here.
So you could have explored this as Q S block content as well.
So let's try exploring that.
We're going to copy and paste this and since it's a class when you start the dots and if you run that
you end up seeing very similarly that we have the block content and then the print inside of it.
If you want to just grab content inside of another block remember what you can do is use this symbol
in order to say grab PRI directly inside that ask us block content.
And that would have given you the same thing as just grabbing the pre-attack as well.
So many ways to do this and these aren't the only ways but hopefully this is the most straightforward
will then grab this list that came back to us and set that blog.
So then we have that list of the actual blog posts and we want to just grab the contents of that list.
So what we will say is the following will say blog 0 set equal to text and then if we check out the
text we get back.
This by itself.
And there's different ways to actually grab just the text content instead of grabbing the actual pre
tag along with it.
Because if we take a look at this type it still actually elements tag.
So if we wanted to convert it to a string we could just say string text and then remove the actual tags.
So that's one way we could done this or just like we did with the image you can grab the contents of
the text and it returns back a list of all the contents as a string.
And because it's a list if you actually just want the string itself you can index off of this and then
you have a string.
So we will say that the text itself is equal to a text that contents 0.
So we'll call this block text and now we have the actual block text right here.
Now that we have the block text we'll want to actually do what the instructions said.
If you come back to the blog post wanted to grab every first character after each of these dashes.
So what we can do is split this based off these dashes so we'll grab the dashes here.
And then paste them in.
And now I have a list of all the lines and I want to grab the first character of each of these lines.
Notice however that the very first one is actually blank.
So we need to use a little bit of indexing for this.
So in order to not to grab the first one because it's blank we'll say starting at index 1 of this list
go all the way to the end.
And that essentially removes that first blank string.
So let's make this blog lines.
So now we have a list of each line of the blog and we'll create an empty string called the result and
say for sentence an Bloglines
result is equal to.
And we will concatenate the first letter of that sentence where the first character sentence and then
will index 0.
There let's make sure we spell sentence correctly.
And if we run this and then check the results we get back a Google Drive link.
So let's copy this and see where it leads to.
Following the link we can see here that your hard work has paid off.
Agent it looks like the rogue agents are leading new rogues through a series of online hosted links.
It seems their next phase involves working of a zip file and other text files.
Let's connect back with director and discuss what you will need to know for your next mission including
working with a zip file as well as a directory of files.
Excellent work so far.